---
title: "Goals for 2023"
description: "My goals for the new year."
pubDate: 2023-01-07
tags:
  - journal
  - goals
draft: false
slug: goals-2023
blog: true
---

My girlfriend and I have decided to sit down and write down our goals for the
new year and to keep myself accountable, I am going to make my list public,
which should be interesting. Anyway, here's my list.

## 1. Build One Cool Thing

My project output for 2022 has not been the same as it was for previous years.
This is mostly because I now work full time and I don't have the same amount of
free time as I did when I was a student. The result hasn't been terrible, I am
still working on things and learning but I am missing a [[flagship projects|flagship project]].
Most of my programming and learning has been building my homelab which has been
really amazing for my knowledge of infrastructure but I want to have at least
one project that I can look back on and be proud of not only learning new things
but of building something useful.  And that is going to be one of my goals for
2023, build at least one cool thing.

## 2. Write more

I have recently started a blog (the one you are reading now) and I think it
would be great to contribute to it regularly. It has been a while since I have
done large amounts of writing like this so starting out will be a little bit
rough but regular contributions should give me enough practice. I also want to
take the [digital garden](https://maggieappleton.com/garden-history) that I have
been cultivating in [obsidian](https://obsidian.md/) and start moving it into a
public space where I can share my notes. There are interesting tools to do this
such as [Quartz](https://quartz.jzhao.xyz/) but I think I want to try to have my
own take on a public digital garden.

## 3. Learn How to Cook

I am very bad at cooking and I think I should get better at it. The issue with
this goal is that I really really don't want to so I need to find a way to
incorporate it into my [[Building Habits|habit philosophy]].

One strategy that might work for me is to learn one recipe at a time. This
hinges on my willingness to eat the same meal for a week straight which I don't
think will be a problem but I'm not sure how long I can maintain that as I
mature.

## Final Thoughts

I'm largely skeptical of new year's resolutions so this is a bit of a new thing
for me. I'll probably revisit this post in a year to evaluate the usefulness of
making new year's goals.
